hi this is motto in this video surely
games in Victor Ivanovich certain beef
and rubella this game was played in
Belgium in 1953 Victor sutin beef had
white pieces and he start in the deep
four to beam up late night at six c4e
six Knight to f3 black to move to bina
played v6 if Bishop to b4 then a bishop
today too bogo Indiana Davina wanted to
play queens in the air defense and
played b6 III bishop to be seven Bishop
to d3 black to move develop late bishop
to e4 not so common ova d5 and Bishop to
e7 a must-play moss we have a mission to
e4 Knight to c3 Bishop to b4 opening the
night queen to see to Bishop takes
bishop Queen takes bishop d 5c takes an
e5 Knight takes on d5 Sultan beef Castle
kingside next night pawn takes Knight
Bishop to e7 after eleven moves have
been played white developed three of his
species and consulate black only
developed a bishop
Knight to e5 debina Castle kingside f-4c
5y tomo what is the best move for white
in this position what would you do
Sultan beef applied the best move f5
opening the file for his rook pawn takes
pawn perhaps better drivers f6 we have
it takes on a five Queen takes on a five
black two more black would love to
develop the night somewhere but it
doesn't work does it what about night to
a six if night to a six then white has
this move available among animals one is
Knight to d7 another one is Knight takes
a life seven attacking the Queen if 32
e8 Queen to d5 night to c7 night to h6
double check King 2 h8 rook takes rook
greene takes rook 22d 70 text night
Queen takes Knight advantage Dwight
can you find the best move for black in
this position
the best move is actually clean to c8
the villa played acquaintance a five and
it is a program Billy smoked why to move
what would you do please pause the video
and find the best move for white it's
not so difficult is it the movies night
to g6 black played the Queen to be 70 if
pawn takes Knight Queen takes Queen if a
queen takes three Donna five then the
knight takes Bishop check and after King
2 h8 may take screen so we have a queen
to be seven wait to move how would you
continue now
sultan we've played the best more game
offering the Queen to be nothing alike
the offer he played Knight to c6 if a
queen takes Queen the night takes 3-7
keep to a check to the same row buffer
black so we have a knight to c6 white
mob what would you do white play the
move and black resigned the movies
comintex night black resigned in your
discontinuation Queen takes Queen Knight
takes bishop check King 2 h8 Knight
takes Queen huge material advantage for
white and let's go back to move 16
deduce it is slowly night to g6 more if
you did congratulations and that is all
I hope that you enjoyed watching this
video I wish you good luck with your
chess and bye for now